may have survived volcanoes for
millennia the scientists say humans are
a bigger threat huge numbers of giant
tortoises for example were hunted for
their oil drastically reducing their
population meanwhile non-native plants
and animals brought here by settlers and
Mariners over the centuries are altering
the habitat for native species some
worried a volcanic flow could affect
these weakened populations we're much
more worried about the impact that an
eruption or the fires generated by an
eruption might have on these tiny
remnants of populations so although they
may have been able to
h
how is this possible how could you
statues them after they always poised to
do i do work with these people for bio
bio papaya biology lab billion and up
with someone out of a no so long
me that way and you can join our Jeep ha
weirdo yet bucket to get me rebels are
potential ha ha ha ha the bullseye
positively worship well anyone i love
the marrow imagine genetically them in
love you haha hello this is true
you know
at the one who subject in the kitchen
Cecily jamalpur media
so I say thank you
you
I you need a sample news mr. I am sad an
odd video que pasa pasa you chill ganda
by arne particular machine has a general
a big gala in shr hindi kannada tamil
girl ah Makka pakka sindhi Karim okay
nigga hey guys it's time to celebrate oh
yeah I'm to celebrate we gotta feel
actually just missed your help cuz he's
irritated me everybody has a glass
congratulations Geoghegan no scenic
effect on settling in tahoe national
perdoname que tienen que hace para
suhani pedigo mucho que esperaba
nicosia apagaste Willa they are my world
he was just a tangle a Muslim signing
contrada indicator Padma bhula na KO da
pen and that was my party pocket ops is
that an order
where's your bed
her
listen
job well done chef Gillian
stations
you